README.md, before:

# Sugars - Nice Rust macros for better writing

[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/sugars/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/sugars)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/GrayJack/sugars.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/GrayJack/sugars)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/GrayJack/sugars.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![Hits-of-Code](https://hitsofcode.com/github/GrayJack/sugars)](https://hitsofcode.com/view/github/GrayJack/sugars)

This crate provides a collection of macros to make some tasks easier to use
on Rust ecosystem.

## What it has to offer?
 * **arc**: A simple macro to make a new `Arc` value.³
 * **boxed**: A simple macro to make a new `Box` value.³
 * **btmap**: Create a `BTreeMap` from a list of key-value pairs
 * **btset**: Create a `BTreeSet` from a list of elements
 * **cbtmap**: Macro to `BTreeMap` collection comprehensions¹
 * **cbtset**: Macro to `BTreeSet` collection comprehensions¹
 * **cell**: A simple macro to make a new `Cell` value.³
 * **cmap**: Macro to `HashMap` collection comprehensions¹
 * **cow**: A simple macro to make a new `Cow::Owned` value.
 * **cset**: Macro to `HashSet` collection comprehensions¹
 * **cvec**: Macro to `Vec` collection comprehensions¹
 * **dur**: Creates a `Duration` object following a time pattern²
 * **flkl**: Create a `LinkedList` from a list of elements, adding each element to the start of the list.
 * **hmap**: Create a `HashMap` from a list of key-value pairs
 * **hset**: Create a `HashSet` from a list of elements
 * **lkl**: Create a `LinkedList` from a list of elements, adding each element to the end of the list.
 * **mutex**: A simple macro to make a new `Mutex` value.³
 * **refcell**: A simple macro to make a new `RefCell` value.³
 * **rc**: A simple macro to make a new `Rc` value.³
 * **sleep**: Makes a thread sleep a amount following a time pattern²
 * **time**: Print out the time it took to execute a given expression in seconds

 1. The comprehension macros supports a haskell-like as well as python-like writing syntax and have the limitation of not supporting nesting
 2. A time pattern can be: mim, sec, nano, micro, milli
 3. Also can return a tuple if is given more than one parameter

## Examples
**arc**, **boxed**, **cell**, **cow**, **mutex** and **refcell**: Usage are mostly the same, just change de Types and macros
```rust
assert_eq!(Box::new(10), boxed!(10));
```

**hmap** and **btmap**: Usage are the same, just change HashMap to BTreeMap and hmap! to btmap!
```rust
let mut map = HashMap::new();
map.insert("1", 1);
map.insert("2", 2);

let map2 = hmap!{"1" => 1, "2" => 2};

assert_eq!(map, map2);
```

**hset** and **btset**: Usage are the same, just change HashSet to BTreeSet and hset! to btset!
```rust
let mut set = HashSet::new();
map.insert(1);
map.insert(2);

let set2 = hset!{1, 2};

assert_eq!(set, set2);
```

**dur** and **sleep**
```rust
let d1 = dur!(10 sec);
let d2 = Duration::from_secs(10);

assert_eq!(d1, d2);

// Sleeps uses the same syntax, but makes the thread sleep for the given time
sleep!(10 sec)
```

**cvec**: Notice that `cvec` can be nested up to 3 times max
```rust
// Normal comprehension
cvec![x | x <- 0..10];

// You can filter as well
cvec![x | x <- 0..10, if x % 2 == 0];
```

**cset** and **cbtset**: Notice that `cset`/`cbtset` cannot be nested. Usage are the same, just change `HashSet` to `BTreeSet` and `cset!` to `cbtset!`
```rust
// Normal comprehension
cset!{x | x <- 0..10};

// You can filter as well
cset!{x | x <- 0..10, if x % 2 == 0};
```

**cmap** and **cbtmap**: Notice that `cmap`/`cbtmap` cannot be nested. Usage are the same, just change `HashMap` to `BTreeMap` and `cmap!` to `cbtmap!`
```rust
// Normal comprehension
cmap!{x => x*2 | x <= x <- 1..10};

// You can filter as well
cmap!{x => x*2 | x <= x <- 1..10, if x%2 == 0};
```

**time**
```rust
// Should print to stderr ≈ 2.0000 seconds
time!( sleep!(2 sec) );

// It also return the evaluated expression, like dbg! macro
let x = time!( 100 + 20 );
```

## Minimal Viable Rust Version
As soon the version 1.38.0 hits stable channel, that will become one since one feature needs it.
That would be a good 1.0.0 release

## LICENSE
This software is licensed under the [MIT Public License](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

Prepare for rust 1.38 Will be released after that version release

README.md, after:

# Sugars - Nice Rust macros for better writing

[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/sugars/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/sugars)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/GrayJack/sugars.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/GrayJack/sugars)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/GrayJack/sugars.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![Hits-of-Code](https://hitsofcode.com/github/GrayJack/sugars)](https://hitsofcode.com/view/github/GrayJack/sugars)

This crate provides a collection of macros to make some tasks easier to use
on Rust ecosystem.

## What it has to offer?
 * **arc**: A simple macro to make a new `Arc` value.³
 * **boxed**: A simple macro to make a new `Box` value.³
 * **btmap**: Create a `BTreeMap` from a list of key-value pairs
 * **btset**: Create a `BTreeSet` from a list of elements
 * **cbtmap**: Macro to `BTreeMap` collection comprehensions¹
 * **cbtset**: Macro to `BTreeSet` collection comprehensions¹
 * **cell**: A simple macro to make a new `Cell` value.³
 * **cmap**: Macro to `HashMap` collection comprehensions¹
 * **cow**: A simple macro to make a new `Cow::Owned` value.
 * **cset**: Macro to `HashSet` collection comprehensions¹
 * **cvec**: Macro to `Vec` collection comprehensions¹
 * **dur**: Creates a `Duration` object following a time pattern²
 * **flkl**: Create a `LinkedList` from a list of elements, adding each element to the start of the list.
 * **hmap**: Create a `HashMap` from a list of key-value pairs
 * **hset**: Create a `HashSet` from a list of elements
 * **lkl**: Create a `LinkedList` from a list of elements, adding each element to the end of the list.
 * **mutex**: A simple macro to make a new `Mutex` value.³
 * **refcell**: A simple macro to make a new `RefCell` value.³
 * **rc**: A simple macro to make a new `Rc` value.³
 * **sleep**: Makes a thread sleep a amount following a time pattern²
 * **time**: Print out the time it took to execute a given expression in seconds

 1. The comprehension macros supports a haskell-like as well as python-like writing syntax and have the limitation of not supporting nesting
 2. A time pattern can be: mim, sec, nano, micro, milli
 3. Also can return a tuple if is given more than one parameter

## Examples
**arc**, **boxed**, **cell**, **cow**, **mutex** and **refcell**: Usage are mostly the same, just change de Types and macros
```rust
assert_eq!(Box::new(10), boxed!(10));
```

**hmap** and **btmap**: Usage are the same, just change HashMap to BTreeMap and hmap! to btmap!
```rust
let mut map = HashMap::new();
map.insert("1", 1);
map.insert("2", 2);

let map2 = hmap!{"1" => 1, "2" => 2};

assert_eq!(map, map2);
```

**hset** and **btset**: Usage are the same, just change HashSet to BTreeSet and hset! to btset!
```rust
let mut set = HashSet::new();
map.insert(1);
map.insert(2);

let set2 = hset!{1, 2};

assert_eq!(set, set2);
```

**dur** and **sleep**
```rust
let d1 = dur!(10 sec);
let d2 = Duration::from_secs(10);

assert_eq!(d1, d2);

// Sleeps uses the same syntax, but makes the thread sleep for the given time
sleep!(10 sec)
```

**cvec**: Notice that `cvec` can be nested up to 3 times max
```rust
// Normal comprehension
cvec![x | x <- 0..10];

// You can filter as well
cvec![x | x <- 0..10, if x % 2 == 0];
```

**cset** and **cbtset**: Notice that `cset`/`cbtset` cannot be nested. Usage are the same, just change `HashSet` to `BTreeSet` and `cset!` to `cbtset!`
```rust
// Normal comprehension
cset!{x | x <- 0..10};

// You can filter as well
cset!{x | x <- 0..10, if x % 2 == 0};
```

**cmap** and **cbtmap**: Notice that `cmap`/`cbtmap` cannot be nested. Usage are the same, just change `HashMap` to `BTreeMap` and `cmap!` to `cbtmap!`
```rust
// Normal comprehension
cmap!{x => x*2 | x <= x <- 1..10};

// You can filter as well
cmap!{x => x*2 | x <= x <- 1..10, if x%2 == 0};
```

**time**
```rust
// Should print to stderr ≈ 2.0000 seconds
time!( sleep!(2 sec) );

// It also return the evaluated expression, like dbg! macro
let x = time!( 100 + 20 );
```

## Minimal Viable Rust Version
This software requires Rust version equal or above 1.38.

## LICENSE
This software is licensed under the [MIT Public License](./LICENSE).
